# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** August 29, 2024 / 2PM ~ 2:20PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss initial project planning
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Ruhani Faiheem Rahman

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Ruhani Faiheem Rahman
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
Edward pitches the idea of an apartment management system, with the functionality of scheduling a tour of the apartment. The user has login information before scheduling a tour or a guest user could also schedule a tour. The admin will have the privilege to manage the tours.

I think itâ€™s a good idea to proceed. They are also thinking about the workload balance and how deep they should go with this project. I will check with them after a few weeks how things are going.

The next meeting will be scheduled on demand.









## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** September 4, 2024 / 6PM - 7PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss initial project planning
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed plans for developing a website for their project, including using GitHub pages or Firebase for hosting.
They talked about balancing ambitious goals with realistic timelines, as they have limited time to work on the project.
The team considered using FileZilla to upload the website when ready.
They brainstormed potential names for the website/app, with suggestions like "Apartment Management" and "Rent Master".
The team reviewed the project milestones provided, including deliverables and project phases.
They discussed the importance of setting clear functional requirements and creating a UML diagram to understand dependencies.
They agreed to work on the PowerPoint presentation, user interface mockups, and the functional requirements section.
The team settled on the name "Potato Properties" for their project.









## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** September 9, 2024 / 9PM - 9:30PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss project presentation 
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the key point of the presentation, presentation timing, and speakers. 
The presentation would be split up as follows:
Jade - start and close
Eddie - overall description 
Aaryan - system features
Dakota - risk 1-2
Quote - risk 3-4
Connor - Gantt
The presentation should take about 5 minutes with each member speaking for about 50 seconds.
In addition, Eddie suggested that we could use Microsoft Azure to host the site, but we need to scope it out more before deciding.







## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** September 17, 2024 / 2PM - 3PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 2 final requirements
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the aspects of deliverable 2 that need to be completed.
The main items to be completed were the wireframes for our website and the incremental development plan chart.
To complete the wireframe the options of figma and balsamiq were presented and was decided to use a combination of the two. 
They agreed to continue to work on the wireframes and development plan async to complete this evening. 







## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** October 2, 2024 / 6PM - 7PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 3
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the aspects of deliverable 3 that need to be completed.
The key items discussed were how to effectively implement our vision
We realized that we may have over engineered this project given the time constrainst
We made a new incremental phase plan 








## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** October 27, 2024 / 12PM - 1PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 3 final requirements
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the final aspects of deliverable 3 that need to be completed.
Discussed proper error handling, database functionality, and code debugging









## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** November 13, 2024 / 8PM - 9PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 4
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the aspects of deliverable 4 that need to be completed.
The key items discussed were how to effectively implement our vision
We realized that our team members have limited knowledge on the current coding language
We decided to modify the coding language being used to allow for more team member to 
  be able to effectively work on the project









## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** November 18, 2024 / 9PM - 10:30PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 4 final requirements
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the final aspects of deliverable 4 that need to be completed.
Discussed proper aspects of the project that still need to be implemented for the final deliverable
  and the implementation of unit testing








## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** November 27, 2024 / 2PM - 3PM 
**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss deliverable 5 final requirements
**Meeting Location:** Discord
**Team Name: The Potatoes
**Team Members: Edward Tobiasson, Connor Smith, Quintin Obey, Aryan Kharva, Dakota Chanthakoummane, Jade Lowe
**Note Taker:** Jade Lowe 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Jade Lowe
- Dakota Chanthakoummane
- Aryan Kharva
- Quintin Obey
- Connor Smith
- Edward Tobiasson

#Github Repo Link: jlowe093/ITIS3300-GroupProject
#Trello Link: ITIS3300-GroupProject-ThePotatoes | Trello

## Discussion:
The team discussed the final aspects of of the project that need to be completed.
Discussed the best way to implement the final key features. 



